Comments to author (Associate Editor)
=====================================

This paper presents a study on operator control of UAV
swarms for search and rescue.

Review summary:
- R2 and R4 both note that the simulation itself is
well-done.
- While R5 notes (and AE agrees) that the paper itself is
well-written, R2 is confused about the exact motivations of
the study. R4 and R5 also note missing components in their
reviews. AE would also like to see specific hypotheses in
the introduction.
- R2 and R4 note that this work seems similar in aim to,
yet not a replication study of, some of the cited work,
such as [12,13,16], but the authors do not clearly
delineate how this paper extends prior literature.
- R2 and R5 point to specific places where the experiment
is oversimplified, potentially ignoring several counfounds.

Suggestions:
The authors should carefully consider the comments of the
reviewers in any future revision of this work. The
experiment must be clearly motivated in terms of related
literature and set up with statistical justification, such
as a power analysis. Human-subject experiments are
difficult, even when done in simulation, so it is worth the
up-front effort to ensure the results will make a solid
contribution to the field.


----------------------------------------
Comments on Video:

[None found]
Comments to author (Editor)
================================

[None found]
